feat: add parameter `index` (#29)
rxaviers/async-pool: README.md

#### iteratorFn

> Iterator function that takes two arguments (array item, array index and the array itself). The iterator function should either return a promise or be an async function.

Reviewer: Let's borrow some words from MDN Array/forEach https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/forEach
```suggestion
Iterator function that takes three arguments (element value, element index, and the array object being traversed). The iterator function should either return a promise or be an async function.
```
